README.md, before:

# NestJS Starter Kit v3

## Features

- TypeORM (Postgres), Migrations, Seeding
- OpenAPI/Swagger: cli `swagger/plugin` allows to take all info which is defined in Typescript code to Swagger specification automatically 
- Auth (JWT) and Users full-fledged modules/endpoints with RBAC (see below)
- Sending mail (Nodemailer or SendGrid), catch with MailHog
- Config, Validation
- Logger (Winston), LoggerMiddleware
- Health check
- AdminJS integration
- Unit and E2E test examples
- Enhanced ESLinters
- CI (GitHub Actions)
- Docker setup


## Endpoints
![](src/static/images/api-endpoints.png "Swagger Endpoints")


## Run

### Start with local node 

Checked on node v20

```
pnpm install
cp ./example.env ./.env
docker compose up postgres mailhog
pnpm run start:dev
```

### Start all in Docker
`docker compose up`

### Go to the homepage
http://localhost:3000

![](src/static/images/home-page.png "Home Page")

### Data
Seed demo data:
`pnpm run console:dev job seed`

App Admin user (`http://localhost:3000/auth/login`): `admin.nsk@dev` / `admin.nsk@dev`

### Admin panel
![](src/static/images/admin-users.png "Admin Panel")

Admin Panel Admin user (`http://localhost:3000/auth/login`): `admin.nsk@dev` / `changeme`

### Stop

Stop Docker containers
`docker compose stop`

---
See also [NestJS-Starter-Kit v2](https://github.com/ArtuGit/NestJS-Starter-Kit/tree/v2)

Commit message:

Feat: Admin auth (#17)
* Amend readme

* AdminPanelProvider

* AdminPanelProvider

* AdminPanelProvider

* Seed

* Seed

* Eslint

README.md, after:

# NestJS Starter Kit v3

## Features

- TypeORM (Postgres), Migrations, Seeding
- OpenAPI/Swagger: cli `swagger/plugin` allows to take all info which is defined in Typescript code to Swagger specification automatically 
- Authentication (JWT) and Users full-fledged modules/endpoints with RBAC (see below)
- AdminJS integration: users management; app admin users (`Site Admin` role) can be authenticated in the Admin Panel
- Sending mail (Nodemailer or SendGrid), catch with MailHog
- Config, Validation
- Logger (Winston), LoggerMiddleware
- Health check 
- Unit and E2E test examples
- Enhanced ESLinters
- CI (GitHub Actions)
- Docker setup

## Endpoints
![](src/static/images/api-endpoints.png "Swagger Endpoints")

## Run

### Start with local node 

Checked on node v20

```
pnpm install
cp ./example.env ./.env
docker compose up postgres mailhog
pnpm run start:dev
```

### Start all in Docker
`docker compose up`

### Go to the homepage
http://localhost:3000

![](src/static/images/home-page.png "Home Page")

### Data
Seed demo data:
`pnpm run console:dev job seed`

App Admin user (`http://localhost:3000/auth/login`): `admin.nsk@dev` / `admin.nsk@dev`

### Admin panel
![](src/static/images/admin-users.png "Admin Panel")

Admin Panel Admin user (`http://localhost:3000/auth/login`): `admin.nsk@dev` / `changeme`

### Stop

Stop Docker containers
`docker compose stop`

---
See also [NestJS-Starter-Kit v2](https://github.com/ArtuGit/NestJS-Starter-Kit/tree/v2)
